## Personal build of st terminal

Yay I "made" a terminal- vanilla st sucks so I've added some patches for functionality and made it look pretty. To see screenshots, I'll add them in the archrice repository once I finish perfecting my setup.

To install, simply run
```
git clone https://github.com/simonxiang1/st
cd st
sudo make install clean
hunter2 (wait what??)
```
If the text is too big, in the file config.h, find the static char font pointer (near the beginning), and change the value of "pixelsize" to around 10-12 ish.

## Features:

- Vim keybindings! 
  - Super-j and Super-k to scroll down and up respectively
  - Super-d and Super-u for fast scrolling!
  - Ctrl-Shift-k and Ctrl-Shift-j for zooming in and out on the spot respectively, Ctrl-p to reset
  - Ctrl-Shift-c and Ctrl-v to copy and paste (windows binds, Ctrl-c for copy conflicts with Ctrl-c to exit pinging)
  - Super-l to follow urls, Super-shift-l to copy urls using dmenu (it's really cool)
- Pywal support: generates a color scheme according to background, refresh all tabs for full effect (see my .zshrc in the dotfiles repo for aliases to run wal)
- Changed font to mononoki (install from the AUR as ttf-mononoki)
- Compton works (blur, transparency)
- Powerlevel10k for cool prompts
- Patches applied:
  - Anysize to remove ugly empty spaces when resizing
  - Font2 for fallback font (unicode, japanese)
  - Xresources support for pywal
  - Scrollback to scroll (no mouse support)
  - Blinking cursor (good old windows feel)
  - Alpha for transparency

#### Notes:
- Pywal will no longer update on the fly with alpha (reload all tabs)
  - Specifically, the background color will no longer update properly
- Text is scronched (thinner) on light mode, something to do with xresources and backgrounds
- Super keys are used for scrolling because ctrl-d/u conflicts with vim binds
- If you're building your own st terminal, the alpha patch causes the background to always be black when pywal is used with the xresources patch. To fix this, edit config.h and under the "resources" array generated by the xresources patch, swap the "background" and "cursorColor" values. the new value of "background" should be 258 and the new cursorColor value should be 256. That should save you a good hour of duckduckgo-ing!
- To enable fallback fonts, in the file config.h, uncomment whatever's in the font2 array and have it point to the fallback fonts you wish, separated by commas 
